Q: 	Why is all this text written in english?
A: 	Most computer scientists speak and more importantly, fluently read it. 
	By writing this document in english everybody can reuse it. 

Q: 	How do I open the terminal?
A:	On Linux with KDE running:
		Dock -> Utilities -> Terminal
	
	On Linux with Gnome running:
		Applications -> System Tools -> Terminal
		
	On Mac OS X:
		/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app
		otherwise use Spotlight to search for it.
		
Q: 	Why should I use several tabs while working with the command line?
A:	Normally you work at several locations at the same time. Thus its much
	more convenient just switching tabs instead of going to the other 
	location.
		
Q:	How do I run a command?
A:	Just type the command, for instance "whoami" and then hit enter.

Q: 	Why is there Text written in uppercase?
A:	Uppercase text, for example YOURCOMMAND should be replaced by something 
	you write yourself.
	
Q: 	How does a command work?
A:	A command has usually the form "YOURCOMMAND --options... arguments...".

Q:	My terminal is blocked and I cannot write anymore!
A:	Most probably your command just froze :). Kill it by typing Ctrl-C

Q:	Where am I?
A: 	Use "pwd" (Print Working Directory) to print your current location. 

Q:	How do I go to that PATH/directory/folder?
A:	Use the command "cd PATH".
    You can always check your location with "pwd".

Q: 	How do I go one folder up?
A:	Use "cd .." to go one folder up.
    ".." just means the parent folder.
	"." represents the current folder.

Q:	How do I jump to my home-folder?
A:	Type "cd ~" or just "cd" and the hit enter, that will do it.
	Check with "pwd" which should look now something like "/home/USERNAME".

Q: 	How do I list the contents of a folder?
A:	Type "ls" or "ls ." which mean the same thing.

Q: 	How do I list the contents with more color and more information?
A:	Use "ls" with the options "G", "l" and "F". So type "ls -GlF".

Q:	How do I get more information about COMMAND?
A:	Type "man COMMAND", "info COMMAND", "help COMMAND" or "whatis COMMAND".
	Or usually the easiest and most compact way is to use "COMMAND --help".

Q:	Help! "man" doesn't quit!
A:	Use "q" to quit "man".
    Note that this works for "less" and a couple of other commands as well.

Q:	What is TAB-completion?
A:	Most modern computer-terminals feature tab auto-completion. To see what
	that actually means type "cd /h" then TAB and see how it gets expanded to
	"ls /home", then hit enter to list everything in "/home".
	
Q:	Why would I use TAB-completion?
A:	Because you are lazy and you the TAB-key is your best friend and of 
	course, writing down a long path is very error prone. So, just let it be
	expanded by the magic power of TAB!
	
Q:	When should I use the TAB-completion?
A:	Always!

Q: 	How do I get the previous command?
A:	Press ARROW-UP and ARROW-DOWN to browse through the history of the 
	commands you used.
	
Q:	I have so many commands, how can I search for a specific one?
A:	Ctrl-r opens the (reverse-i-search), then start typing a sequence out of
	your command. By pressing Ctrl-r again other matches are shown as well.

Q:	How do I get to the beginning of the current line in the terminal?
A:	Ctrl-a lets the cursor jump to the beginning of the line
	Ctrl-e to the end 
	NB: this works under OSX in most Cocoa Text fields as well

Q:	Argh! The output doesn't fit on the screen. How am I supposed to read it?
A:	Pipe the output directly to "less": "YOURCOMMAND | less"
	Now you can scroll with the arrow keys up and down. Again use "q" to exit.

Q: 	I think one of these exercises is broken!!
A: 	1. Stay calm
	2. Don't close the windows!
	3. Secure yourself
	4. Call the assistant
	5. Save the others
	
Q:	I think this can be done better?
A:	That's great! Just inform us and we will update the exercise.

Q:	How do I have to update the exercises if something changed?
A:	Change to the "lessons" directory then do a "svn up".

Q: 	What do I do next?
A: 	Have a little break! Then continue with the 01 vim introduction.
